gh-145417: Do not preserve SELinux context when copying venv scripts (#145454)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-03-03-11-49-44.gh-issue-145417.m_HxIL.rst

> Prevent incorrect preservation of SELinux context when copying scripts in :mod:`venv`.

Reviewer: You may elaborate the rationale for the change, cc @hroncok:

```suggestion
:mod:`venv`: Prevent incorrect preservation of SELinux context
when copying the ``Activate.ps1`` script. The script inherited
the SELinux security context of the system template directory,
rather than the destination project directory.
```

> Fixed venv to prevent incorrect preservation of SELinux contexts when copying scripts by using shutil.copy instead of shutil.copy2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prevent incorrect preservation of SELinux context when copying scripts in :mod:`venv`.
```
